# Code of Conduct

In a Code of Conduct you discuss with each other what you expect from each other and from the collaboration. Everyone
participates in this and supports the agreements that you draw up together. A Code of Conduct is a flexible document. If
after some time it appears that certain agreements are not realistic or applicable, then it is important to discuss this
in the group and adjust the agreements if necessary.

## Assignment description:

*In your own words, describe what you need to do as a group in this course.*

We are going to create a Kahoot like online game about power consumption. The game is called Quizzzz. The game can be
played both individually and with other players. The players get 20 questions which they need to answer in a certain
amount of time. There are probably going to be multiple types of questions. For example: select the activity that costs
the most amount of power and estimate the power consumption of a specific activity. After 10 questions, all players will
see a scoreboard. Then there will be 10 other questions, after which the final scoreboard will be shown and the game
will be ended.

During the whole time the game is ongoing, the players can send emojis to communicate with each other.

## Target or ambition level:

*What grade are you working for?*

In regard to a grade, we strive to get a 7.5 minimal. Moreover, the common goal of the team is to improve teamwork
skills, properly use feedback from our colleagues to increase efficiency. We wish for constant, rewarding communication
throughout the entire project and working final product - an application with all the basic features listed in the
backlog and as many additional features as we can implement in the given timeframe.

## Products:

*What should you deliver at the end? On which platform do you share which documents (Discourse/Miro/MS Teams)? What
standards must the work submit meet?*

In the end, we should deliver a working game that also contains the optional aspects. We will share our code files on
GitLab and Google Drive and otherwise, we will use MatterMost or WhatsApp.

Code standards:

- Use variable names that actually explain what they are used for.

- Write JavaDoc for each method.

- Make sure to run CheckStyle before pushing. The settings of Checkstyle we are going to use are:


- Plugin: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/1065-checkstyle-idea

- Checkstyle version 9.3

- Configuration:


- You should write at least 2 tests per method - one of them checks if the output is the expected one in a general case
  and one that checks the output for a particular case. Tests are encouraged for as many particular cases as you can
  think of.

## Planning:

*How do you ensure that each group finishes everything on time? Did you clarify who will have a final say in the final
deliverable and submit it to Brightspace on behalf of the project group?*

Follow the deadlines as much as you can with a possibility of a delay of a maximum of 3-4 days.

We will decide upon every meeting who will submit the work, but the final decision will be collective.

Kees Blok will have the final say in the final deliverable.

## Behavior:

*How do you treat each other in the group? How do you handle disagreements within your group? Could your guide or
student assistant be involved in reaching consent? What do you do if someone is late during a group meeting?*

Treat everyone nicely. Be open-minded, try not to be annoying. Try to speak your opinion. Address every problem that you
have, don’t wait until the end of the project. If something is unclear, organize a meeting to discuss it. Notify if you
are going to be late or if you won’t be coming to a meeting as soon as you can.

Vote in a poll whether the meeting should change – majority wins.

## Communication:

*In what ways do you communicate with each other as a group and among yourselves? (in the studio/MS
Teams/Miro/Discourse)*

Jitsi for video calls, WhatsApp for communication within the group, and MatterMost for communication with the TA.

## Commitment:

*How do you determine the quality of each group's work, so that each group delivers the same quality? How do you measure
the commitment of the chairs and minute takers?*

The quality will be discussed at every meeting.

The commitments of the chairman are measured by how many points on the agenda were talked about and by how well the
meeting went on. The note taker should always upload a file after every meeting.

Whenever there is a new merge request to be reviewed, the person that created the merge request should assign two team
members to review the merge request. Those reviewers should be notified by a WhatsApp message, so they know that they
have to review something. The reviewing of a merge request should be done within 24 hours after the notification was
sent. The creator of the merge request should make sure the reviewer is available in this timeslot as is noted below.

## Meetings:

*How often will you meet as a group? What preparation is needed for the meetings?*

- We will meet in person during the time allocated for TA meetings.

- Meeting on Monday at 14:00 to assign tasks for the following week, discuss problems and estimate time needed for the
  tasks.

- We will have a video call at 10 AM on Thursday. Meetings on Thursday are for finishing up any non-code related
  assignments and to ask questions if one needs more help.

Meetings are **mandatory**.

*Chairman* : Adelina – Jesse – Petar – Kees – Violeta - Žygimantas

*Note Taker* : Žygimantas – Violeta – Kees – Petar – Jesse - Adelina

*Planner* :  Violeta - Adelina - Žygimantas – Kees – Petar – Jesse\
The planner prepares the next sprint by adding the most important issues to a new sprint in GitLab. The deadline is
before the Monday meeting (so before 14:00 on Monday)

Preferred hours for meetings, working on the project in pairs (if needed) and answering messages:

- **Kees Blok**

    - Monday to Friday 19:30 - 21:00 (might not always be able to be in a (video)call)

    - Tuesday 13:45 - 17:45

    - Thursday 9:00 - 21:00 (will take a lunch & dinner somewhere in this timeslot)

    - For other time slots, contact me if I’m available at that moment.

    - Available to respond outside those hours, but not on Sunday.

- **Petar**

    - Monday to Friday 18:00 - 24:00

    - Thursday* 9:00 - 15:00 or whole day

    - Saturday* before and up until 15:00 or after 15:00

    - Sunday after 16:00

\* depends on week but if we do organize meetings on those days can say up to a week in advance

Available to respond outside the hours.

- **Violeta**

    - Monday to Friday - anytime after our classes

    - Thursday - whole day

    - Saturday - before 18:00

    - Sunday - the whole day

    - Available to respond anytime, even if there is a slight delay from the time of the question

- **Jesse**

    - Monday 15:30-17:30

    - Tuesday/Wednesday before the lectures (so before 9:30 if it’s a video call because of traveling)

    - Thursday before 15:00

    - Sunday any time is possible, but I usually like to keep that afternoon free

    - Available to respond anytime except for during football practice / work (Monday/Wednesday 19:15-20:15, Thursday
      16:00-20:00, Saturday 18:00-20:00)

- **Žygimantas**

    - Monday 17:00 - 20:00

    - Tuesday to Friday 9:30 - 17:30

    - Thursday 8:30 - 17:30

    - Weekends 10:00 - 14:00

    - Available outside these hours, except during IDM and OOPP lectures.

- **Adelina**

    - Monday 16:30 - 18:00, 19:00 - 20:30

    - Tuesday 7:00 - 9:00, 13:30 - 20:30 (except for dinner, about 1 hour after I get home from uni)

    - Wednesday 7:00 - 9:00, 14:00 - 18:00, 19:00 - 20:30

    - Thursday 8:30 - 20:30

    - Friday 19:00 - 21:00

    - weekends: usually all day (except for meals)

    - The above are for video calls, but in case of anything urgent I can try to change my schedule; available on
      whatsapp pretty much anytime.

## Decision-making:

*How do you make decisions? By majority vote or by consensus?*

Decisions are made by consensus, but if we can’t agree upon something we will vote by poll.

Even those against the final decision must follow it. Make sure to come to an agreement with the people who disagreed.

## Dealing with conflicts:

*How do you handle conflicts within the group?*

Discuss every issue as soon as it occurs. Talk to the other group members. If there is a conflict between some group
members, talk to the rest of the team and try to solve the conflict first within the team itself. Unless this doesn’t
work, talk to the TA.

## Guidance:

*What do you expect from the teacher's and/or student assistant’s guidance? What do you want feedback on, on the content
or on the collaboration?*

We will talk to the TA to understand tasks that we didn’t fully comprehend. Rely on him for tech support if it doesn’t
correlate with the project but not the product.

## Consequences:

*What are the consequences if a participant in the group does not keep the agreements?*

If someone does not keep up the agreements once, we will have to discuss it in the next meeting to solve that. If after
this meeting things don’t sort out, we will use the TA’s help. If someone didn't finish an issue within the specified
sprint, this person is accountable for this. If this ever happens, we will talk about it with the TA in the first next
meeting.

## Succesfactors:

*What makes your team a dream team?*

Communication and motivation to fulfill our tasks. Organizational skills.